Intro:

Duck’s Bath Defense is a tower defense and survival game. It is playable within a browser and can be played on practically any PC. Featuring a live leaderboard of highscores and a shop full of upgrades to aid in your journey to reach the peak of bathing cleanliness.

Initial value proposition and customer segment:
Value Prop: We help Casual Gamers find quick entertainment with a simple browser based game.
Possible Consumer Base: Those who want an easily accessible browser game (Casual gamers)
Needs To Meet: Quick, light(not requiring purchase, easy, resource friendly) entertainment


Who was interviewed and who participated in the interview
When
Customer segment
Key insights from the interview
Representative quotes
Assessment: Must have / Nice to have / Don’t care (how the interviewee sees the solution)


Interview Summaries:
Tyler Bryant:
Who: James Levie(interviewed), Tyler Bryant(interviewer)
Customer Segment:
Key insights: customer desires unique gameplay features, desires to feel powerful
Quotes: “I don’t particularly want to play a Bloons clone, if I wanted that I could play Bloons”
Nice to have

Hunter Kilgore:

	Who:

 Tyler Lucas

Customer Segment:

H: Good morning! I’m currently trying to gather research for a project I’m working on and I was hoping to speak with you for a few minutes about it if you’re available.
T: Sure, what do you need to talk about?
H: Well, firstly, do you play any games often?
T: Yeah, all the time.
H: What kind of games would you say that you play?
T: Mostly shooters and cooperative games. Sometimes party games with friends.
H: Would you say you’re interested in other kinds of games as well or just those?
T: I mainly play those, but I’m always interested in playing other types of games if they look interesting enough.
H: That’s good to hear. Is there anything you’ve seen about new games you might’ve tried that deterred you from playing them?
T: All the time! I hate it when games monetize themselves too much or are too complicated to get into.
H: So would you say that you would be interested in trying a new game you don’t play very often if they addressed those issues?
T: Maybe, it depends on how the game looks and plays but it’d be easier to get into for sure.
H: Well, in our project, we’re developing a Tower Defense game with the main idea behind it being accessible to a wide audience. It would be a browser game so no downloads are necessary while also making sure it's uncomplicated to play and unobtrusive with monetization. Does that interest you?
T: I’ve never been that big on Tower Defense games but I’d be willing to try it for a while if all I had to do was go to the website.
H: Thank you for taking the time to answer my questions! Your responses were most helpful!


Key insights: 

The interviewed individual expressed a strong desire to try new games but also being easily deterred from trying games outside of his normal area of play due to intrusive features commonly seen in the gaming industry.

Quotes: 

H: That’s good to hear. Is there anything you’ve seen about new games you might’ve tried that deterred you from playing them?
T: All the time! I hate it when games monetize themselves too much or are too complicated to get into.

Final Conclusion:

Nice to Have



Who: 

Arran Ciske

Customer Segment:

H: Good morning! I’m currently trying to gather research for a project I’m working on and I was hoping to speak with you for a few minutes about it if you’re available.
A: Yeah I’ve got some time as long as it's not very long.
H: Thanks! It won’t take long! Would you say you’re someone who plays games very often?
A: Not as much as I used to since starting university. I just don’t have as much free time.
H: What game genres do you, or used to, play?
A: I liked simulator games, things for construction, farming, and cleaning.
H: What did you enjoy most about those games?
A: I just enjoyed being able to sit down and play something super easy to pick up and put down. It was relaxing.
H: Would you be willing to play a new game if it was also easy to pick up and put down? Where starting and stopping are simple?
A: Yeah, especially now where my schedule is so erratic.
H: What would deter you from playing a game like that?
A: If it was too time consuming or too complicated to understand quickly. If it's a hassle, I just wouldn’t play it.
H: I’m currently working on a game project that is a Tower Defense game designed to be as accessible as possible! You’d be able to start and stop whenever you wanted as all you’d have to do is go onto the website and play for however long you want! With no downloads necessary, you can start playing immediately!
A: That seems perfect! Is it complicated to understand?
H: No, it aligns with your preferences of easy gameplay that you can do to relax! Much like the simulator games you enjoy!
A: Yeah! That would be amazing for me! I’d love to play it when I have free time between work loads!

Key insights: 

The interviewed individual expressed an interest in relaxing games that he could easily start and stop prior to informing him about the project features. After learning of the game, he seemed greatly interested as his ideals for a game aligned with the project.

Quotes: 

H: What game genres do you, or used to, play?
A: I liked simulator games, things for construction, farming, and cleaning.
H: What did you enjoy most about those games?
A: I just enjoyed being able to sit down and play something super easy to pick up and put down. It was relaxing.

Final Conclusion:

Must Have


Risa Walles:


Peter Hilbert:

Daniel Austin:
The one interviewed was Alex Mintz, the one doing the interview was Daniel Austin
The interview was conducted on 2/8/2024 at 7:14 PM

Customer Segment

Interview #1
Ask for time for an interview. 

Daniel: How often do you play video games?
Alex: Not too much honestly. Every so often when I have the time, I usually play from 3-7 hours when I have the time, which is here and there.

Daniel: What kinds of games are you interested in?
Alex: Tower defense games, strategy games, puzzles, interactive/social games. Occasionally play games that use the brain a lot. 

Daniel: What factors deter you from playing a new game?
Alex: Price tag has to fit and not be to overly expensive. Cover art has to draw me in. Usually wont try games that are made by movie studios.
Doesn’t enjoy overly violent games. If game interests me visually and mechanically, and don’t want difficult games. 
I'm willing to play wide variety of games.

Daniel: Do you enjoy games that you can access and play anywhere?
Alex: I enjoy games that are easy to play everywhere and can be taken with them when. Like playing before or during class.

Daniel: Would you be interested in playing a game that [describe game]?
Alex: That depends, is there lore to these ducks? If it catches my attention art/story wise then I will play it, depends on how creative it seems

Key insights:
While the customer plays games similar to the one we are developing, they are interested in the story more than the mechanics itself.

Representative quotes:
“depends on how creative it seems”
“don’t want difficult games”

Assessment:
Must have: Fun mechanics
Nice to have: Creativity, Playable anywhere
Don’t care: Type of game

#interview 2

The one interviewed was Noah Johnson, the one doing the interview was Daniel Austin
The interview was conducted on 2/9/2024 at 3:38 PM

Customer Segment:
Daniel: How often do you play video games?
Noah: I probably average around 4-5 hours a week. Usually in my room.

Daniel: What kinds of games are you interested in?
Noah: More strategy-type games.

Daniel: What factors deter you from playing a new game?
Noah: How well it is received initially by the public, reviews, if I’m interested in playing it,
I’d already have considered the price to determine if I wanted it 

Daniel: Would a free game be of any interest to you?
Noah: Yes I would enjoy a game that I could play anywhere and is free

Daniel: Would you be interested in playing a game that [describes game]?
Noah: Generally, I am interested in it, but I think it would get stale after so many playthroughs. 
An online competitive aspect would make it more interesting.

Key Insights:
Enjoys strategy games, plays games at home rather than elsewhere normally. 

Representative quotes:
“I’d already have considered the price to determine if I wanted it”
“I think it would get stale after so many playthroughs.”

Assessment:
Must have: Variety
Nice to have: Free, playable anywhere
Don’t care: Lightweight

